[Doc] 6.8.5-9  Known issue for slow loggers leaking log4j loggers (#57346)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/release-notes/6.8.asciidoc

[[release-notes-6.8.9]]
== {es} version 6.8.9

[float]
=== Known issues

> Slow loggers can cause Log4j loggers to leak over time. When a new index is created, a new Log4j logger is associated with it. However, when an index is deleted, Log4j keeps an internal reference to its loggers that results in a memory leak {pull}56171[#56171]
> 
> This issue is fixed in Elasticsearch 6.8.10 and 7.7.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Slow loggers can cause Log4j loggers to leak over time. When a new index is created, a new Log4j logger is associated with it. However, when an index is deleted, Log4j keeps an internal reference to its loggers that results in a memory leak {pull}57228[#57228] (issue: {issue}56171[#56171])
+
This issue is fixed in Elasticsearch 6.8.10 and 7.7.1.
```

> https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/issues/56171 Fixed in 6.8.10 and 7.7.1

Reviewer: Slow loggers can cause Log4j loggers to leak over time. When a new index is created, a new Log4j logger is associated with it. However, when an index is deleted, Log4j keeps an internal reference to its loggers that results in a memory leak {pull}56171[#56171]

This issue is fixed in Elasticsearch 6.8.10 and 7.7.1.

[[release-notes-6.8.8]]
== {es} version 6.8.8

[float]
=== Known issues

> * Slow loggers are causing log4j loggers to leak over time. When new index is created, new log4j logger was associated with it.
> However when deleting an index it, log4j was keeping a reference internally to its loggers causing a memory leak.
> https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/issues/56171 Fixed in 6.8.10 and 7.7.1
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Slow loggers can cause Log4j loggers to leak over time. When a new index is created, a new Log4j logger is associated with it. However, when an index is deleted, Log4j keeps an internal reference to its loggers that results in a memory leak {pull}57228[#57228] (issue: {issue}56171[#56171])
+
This issue is fixed in Elasticsearch 6.8.10 and 7.7.1.

```

[[release-notes-6.8.7]]
== {es} version 6.8.7

[float]
=== Known issues

> * Slow loggers are causing log4j loggers to leak over time. When new index is created, new log4j logger was associated with it.
> However when deleting an index it, log4j was keeping a reference internally to its loggers causing a memory leak.
> https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/issues/56171 Fixed in 6.8.10 and 7.7.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Slow loggers can cause Log4j loggers to leak over time. When a new index is created, a new Log4j logger is associated with it. However, when an index is deleted, Log4j keeps an internal reference to its loggers that results in a memory leak {pull}57228[#57228] (issue: {issue}56171[#56171])
+
This issue is fixed in Elasticsearch 6.8.10 and 7.7.1.
```

Also see <<breaking-changes-6.8,Breaking changes in 6.8>>.

[float]
=== Known issues

> * Slow loggers are causing log4j loggers to leak over time. When new index is created, new log4j logger was associated with it.
> However when deleting an index it, log4j was keeping a reference internally to its loggers causing a memory leak.
> https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/issues/56171 Fixed in 6.8.10 and 7.7.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Slow loggers can cause Log4j loggers to leak over time. When a new index is created, a new Log4j logger is associated with it. However, when an index is deleted, Log4j keeps an internal reference to its loggers that results in a memory leak {pull}57228[#57228] (issue: {issue}56171[#56171])
+
This issue is fixed in Elasticsearch 6.8.10 and 7.7.1.
```

Also see <<breaking-changes-6.8,Breaking changes in 6.8>>.

[float]
=== Known issues

> * Slow loggers are causing log4j loggers to leak over time. When new index is created, new log4j logger was associated with it.
> However when deleting an index it, log4j was keeping a reference internally to its loggers causing a memory leak.
> https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/issues/56171 Fixed in 6.8.10 and 7.7.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Slow loggers can cause Log4j loggers to leak over time. When a new index is created, a new Log4j logger is associated with it. However, when an index is deleted, Log4j keeps an internal reference to its loggers that results in a memory leak {pull}57228[#57228] (issue: {issue}56171[#56171])
+
This issue is fixed in Elasticsearch 6.8.10 and 7.7.1.
```
